README.md, before:

# gapfindertools
Research apps for Gapfinder

## Deploying to labs instance
1. Clone this repository to /srv/gapfindertools
2. Add a really long secret key to /etc/profile, e.g.:
   echo 'export DJANGO_SECRET_KEY="#)zbti_w!for_jack0xpefbi=&c@tsb2oua4j$e!djyhy&x9g7"'' | sudo tee --append /etc/profile
   source /etc/profile
3. Run /srv/gapfindertools/gapfindertools/labs_setup.sh
4. After each update you may want to collect static files depending on
   whether you've changed CSS and JS files:
   - cd /srv/gapfindertools
   - sudo venv/bin/python manage.py collectstatic --settings=gapfindertools.settings_prod

## Generating CSS for RTL languages
0. `sudo npm install -g rtlcss`
1. For each style sheet, generate a new one for RTL languages like so:
   `rtlcss base.css base_rtl.css`
2. Note to only change non-RTL stylesheets and generate RTL ones from
   those.

## How to create translations
1. cd sectionalignment
2. django-admin makemessages -l fr  # or some other language code
3. Edit sectionalignment/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
4. django-admin compilemessages

## How to edit translations
0. Edit files in sectionalignment/locale/...
1. cd sectionalignment
2. django-admin compilemessages

## TODO
1. Auto reload UWSGI after pulling new changes to the production server.

Commit message:

Update code and documentation for Debian Buster

README.md, after:

# gapfindertools
Research apps for Gapfinder

## Deploying to labs instance
0. Tested on Debian Buster
1. Clone this repository to /srv/gapfindertools
2. Add a really long secret key to /etc/profile, e.g.:
   echo 'export DJANGO_SECRET_KEY="#)zbti_w!for_jack0xpefbi=&c@tsb2oua4j$e!djyhy&x9g7"' | sudo tee --append /etc/profile

   source /etc/profile
3. Save database credentials to /etc/replica.my.cnf. See
   https://wikitech.wikimedia.org/wiki/Help:Toolforge/Database#User_databases
   for more info.
4. Add your host to 'ALLOWED_HOSTS' in gapfindertools/settings_prod.py.
5. Run /srv/gapfindertools/gapfindertools/labs_setup.sh
6. After each update you may want to collect static files depending on
   whether you've changed CSS and JS files:
   - cd /srv/gapfindertools
   - sudo venv/bin/python manage.py collectstatic --settings=gapfindertools.settings_prod

## Generating CSS for RTL languages
0. `sudo npm install -g rtlcss`
1. For each style sheet, generate a new one for RTL languages like so:
   `rtlcss base.css base_rtl.css`
2. Note to only change non-RTL stylesheets and generate RTL ones from
   those.

## How to create translations
1. cd sectionalignment
2. django-admin makemessages -l fr  # or some other language code
3. Edit sectionalignment/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
4. django-admin compilemessages

## How to edit translations
0. Edit files in sectionalignment/locale/...
1. cd sectionalignment
2. django-admin compilemessages

## TODO
1. Auto reload UWSGI after pulling new changes to the production server.
